WAVEWATCH III® Software License

Software, as understood herein, shall be broadly interpreted as being 
inclusive of algorithms, source code, object code, data bases and 
related documentation, all of which shall be furnished free of charge 
to the Licensee.

Corrections, upgrades or enhancements may be furnished and, if 
furnished, shall also be furnished to the Licensee without charge. NOAA,
however, is not required to develop or furnish such corrections, 
upgrades or enhancements.

NOAA's software, whether that initially furnished or corrections or 
upgrades, are furnished "as is". NOAA furnishes its software without any 
warranty whatsoever and is not responsible for any direct, indirect or 
consequential damages that may be incurred by the Licensee. Warranties 
of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, title, and 
non-infringement, are specifically negated.

The Licensee is not required to develop any software related to the 
licensed software. However, in the event that the Licensee does so, the 
Licensee is required to offer same to NOAA for inclusion under the 
instant licensing terms with NOAA's licensed software along with 
documentation regarding its principles, use and its advantages. This 
includes changes to the wave model proper including numerical and 
physical approaches to wave modeling, and boundary layer 
parameterizations embedded in the wave model The Licensee is encouraged 
but not obligated to provide pre-and post processing tools for model 
input and output. The software required to be offered shall not include 
additional models to which the wave model may be coupled, such as 
oceanic or atmospheric circulation models. The software provided by the 
Licensee shall be consistent with the latest model version available to 
the Licensee, and interface routines to the software provided shall 
conform to programming standards as outlined in the model documentation. 
The software offered to NOAA shall be offered as is, without any 
warranties whatsoever and without any liability for damages whatsoever. 
NOAA shall not be required to include a Licensee's software as part of 
its software. Licensee's offered software shall not include software 
developed by others.

A Licensee may reproduce sufficient software to satisfy its needs. All 
copies shall bear the name of the software with any version number as 
well as replicas of any applied copyright notice, trademark notice, 
other notices and credit lines. Additionally, if the copies have been 
modified, e.g. with deletions or additions, this shall be so stated and 
identified.

All of Licensee's employees who have a need to use the software may 
have access to the software but only after reading the instant license 
and stating, in writing, that they have read and understood the license 
and have agreed to its terms. Licensee is responsible for employing 
reasonable efforts to assure that only those of its employees that 
should have access to the software, in fact, have access.

The Licensee may use the software for any purpose relating to sea state 
prediction.

No disclosure of any portion of the software, whether by means of a 
media or verbally, may be made to any third party by the Licensee or the 
Licensee's employees

The Licensee is responsible for compliance with any applicable export or 
import control laws of the United States.

© 2009 National Weather Service
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 

All rights reserved. WAVEWATCH III® is a trademark of the National 
Weather Service. No unauthorized use without permission.

